
Create a new (or copy and existing) notebook in your =submissions=
folder before editing it. Otherwise, your edits may be overwritten the
next time you log into syzygy. Please name your copy
"Assignment-Name-FirstName-LastName". Replace the =Assignment-Name=
with the name of the assignment, and =FirstName-Last-Name= with
your own name.

Your notebook/pdf must start with the following lines 

*Assignment Title*

*Date:*

*First Name:*

*Last Name:*

*Student: Id*

Before submitting your assignment, re-read the learning outcomes and
verify that you are comfortable which each concept. If not, please
speak up on the discussion board and ask for further clarification. I
can guarantee that you if you feel uncertain about a concept, at least
half the class will be in the same boat. So don't be shy!

To submit your assignment, you need to download it =ipyn= notebook
format *and* =pdf= format. Please submit both files on Quercus. Note
that the pdf export can fail if your file contains invalid
markup/python code. So you need to check that the pdf export is
complete and does not miss any sections. If you have export problems,
please contact the course instructor directly.

Notebooks typically have empty code cells in which you have to enter
python code. Please use the respective cell below each question, or
create a python cell where necessary. Add text cells to enter your
answers where appropriate. Your answers will only count if the code
executes without error. It is thus recommended to run your solutions
before submitting the assignment.

*Note: Do not type your answers by hand. Rather, write code which*
*produces the answer, and your pdf should show the code as well as*
*the results of the code execution!*
